[Music]
[Applause]
I remember I was in stage and for that
moment I lifted my head up to look into
their audience seeing so many people to
a point where you cannot see people I
was like how is this possible we reached
I mean something like 2 million people
and the ballet black Twitter feeds I it
just blew up I'd never experienced
anything like it
that was only the best moment of my life
so far
it really was incredible
[Applause]
[Music]
and Bali BAP is a platform for black and
Asian ballet dancers to say we can do
this
and I think for a very long time that
always seemed out of reach for people
that black people in Asian people were
not able to do ballet the importance of
that for me is massive I feel there's so
many more stories we can tell there's so
many more black stories we can tell and
it's the most appropriate dance company
to be able to tell that dr. on its own
is a completely new way of seeing what
ballet is